ansible/roles/proxmox/README.md, before:

Role Name
=========

Configure Proxmox Virtual Environment OS, NFS mounts for hosted VM's, and routine backups to a known Proxmox Backup Server

Requirements
------------

- Host is running firewalld (installed in common role)
- System user who owns the nfs mount data must exist on this host and remote hosts
- Host is running Proxmox Virtual Environment (PVE)
- PVE hosts contains manually configured ZFS datasets
- PVE host is configured to access a Proxmox Backup Server (PBS)

Role Variables
--------------

A description of the settable variables for this role should go here, including any variables that are in defaults/main.yml, vars/main.yml, and any variables that can/should be set via parameters to the role. Any variables that are read from other roles and/or the global scope (ie. hostvars, group vars, etc.) should be mentioned here as well.

- proxmox_packages: List of required packages to install
- proxmox_services: List of required services to start on boot
- proxmox_ports: List of ports to open on firewalld
- nfs_mounts: Dictionary of NFS mount data, has the folowing format:
  { path: "/mount/path", owner: remote_user,
      group: nfs_group, mode: "0770" }

Example Playbook
----------------

Including an example of how to use your role (for instance, with variables passed in as parameters) is always nice for users too:

    - hosts: lab
      roles:
         - common
         - proxmox

License
-------

GPL 3.0

Author Information
------------------

Cody Hasty, inspired by https://github.com/8grams/ansible-microk8s/blob/main/install_microk8s.yaml

Commit message:

Add used global vars to readme

ansible/roles/proxmox/README.md, after:

Role Name
=========

Configure Proxmox Virtual Environment OS, NFS mounts for hosted VM's, and routine backups to a known Proxmox Backup Server

Requirements
------------

- Host is running firewalld (installed in common role)
- System user who owns the nfs mount data must exist on this host and remote hosts
- Host is running Proxmox Virtual Environment (PVE)
- PVE hosts contains manually configured ZFS datasets
- PVE host is configured to access a Proxmox Backup Server (PBS)

Role Variables
--------------

A description of the settable variables for this role should go here, including any variables that are in defaults/main.yml, vars/main.yml, and any variables that can/should be set via parameters to the role. Any variables that are read from other roles and/or the global scope (ie. hostvars, group vars, etc.) should be mentioned here as well.

*vars used in vars/main.yml:*

- proxmox_packages: List of required packages to install
- proxmox_services: List of required services to start on boot
- proxmox_ports: List of ports to open on firewalld
- nfs_mounts: Dictionary of NFS mount data, has the following format:
  { path: "/mount/path", owner: remote_user,
      group: nfs_group, mode: "0770" }

*vars used in group_vars/all:*

- admin_users: Dictionary of admin users given access to NFS data, has the following format:
  { name: "chasty2", uid: "1001", gid: "1001" }

Example Playbook
----------------

Including an example of how to use your role (for instance, with variables passed in as parameters) is always nice for users too:

    - hosts: lab
      roles:
         - common
         - proxmox

License
-------

GPL 3.0

Author Information
------------------

Cody Hasty, inspired by https://github.com/8grams/ansible-microk8s/blob/main/install_microk8s.yaml
